Elie.abichar/rumm 3337 improve documentation (#28)
DataDog/dd-sdk-reactnative-examples: rum-react-navigation-async/README.md

        "shopistApiHost": "shopist.io"
    }
    ```

> Moreover, since we have added the [`datadog-react-native-wizard`][1] you need to add the datadog-ci.json file in the project root containing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since we have added the [`datadog-react-native-wizard`][1], you need to add the `datadog-ci.json` file in the project root that includes the following:
```

```json
{
  "apiKey":"<YOUR_DATADOG_API_KEY>"
}
```

> Note that the [Datadog API KEY][2] should be a valid one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The [Datadog API KEY][2] must be valid.
```
